welcome to
unlock your potential with world famous
magicians
andy duckerman is back baby
hey where are you going how are you i'm
right here it's been too long
i thought you'd given up magic i'm doing
private shows around the world for super
important people
whatever my bunk is gonna beat you just
like i did every summer when we were
kids
this is ridiculous you know what's
ridiculous
how bad you're gonna live
show me what you got this is actually my
first year here
you're all newbies this is the moment
that i disappear in a puff of smoke
they have zero skills they're hopeless
dude i was just fooling around
oh i can work with this
[Music]
what if i told you we have a chance to
win the top hat competition
who's with me if we say yes can we eat
you want to compete against me you're
insane
be prepared for anything
oh i know how you do it double stick
tape
sick burn you teach them that spoiler
alert
you